Link to finished codepen: https://codepen.io/bbellin/pen/LYLNYmZ?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
html with tags that have meaning, telling you information about what the element contains
2. What is HTML used for? 
most/all of the content on a web page
3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
provides additional information about the element, goes in opening tag
4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
used for the most important header on the page, used only once
5. Name two tags that have required attributes
a and img 
6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
information for the browser for how to display the web page that does not actually show up as content, including links to style page, font families, etc
7. What is an id? 
an attribute for identifying a single element, used only once
8. What elements can I add an id to? 
any element
9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
once
10. What is a class? 
an attribute for identifying elements with a particular class, useful for styling 
11. What elements can I add a class to? 
any element
12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
as many as you want
13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
add the attribute target="_blank"
14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
used for a description of the image in case image cannot be viewed
15. How do I reference an id?
#id {}
16. What is the difference between a section and a div
section is a semantic tag for a group of content that may be related in some way, where a div is not semantic and is a generic divider, useful for formatting/styling
17. What is CSS used for? 
styling HTML 
18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
h2 {}
19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
class is used on more than one element to style the same, an id is used only on one single element. a style would be helpful for making all images for example have a border when hovered on, where an id might be used to reference one specific image for unique hover behavior
20. How do we select classes in CSS?
.class {}
21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
p.human {} or possibly just .human {}
22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
selects only the elements (children) under a chosen element (parent), useful for when you want to style only ps that are under a section, for example
23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
div.sidebar a {}
24. What is a pseudo selector?
a selector for elements in a certain state, eg div:hover
25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height:
26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing:
27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform: uppercase; text-transform: lowercase; text-transform: capitalize
28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
div {border: 1px dotted black}
29. How do I select everything on the page? 
* {}
30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/* comment here */
31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
pwd
32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls
33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm, must be careful because it can delete with no warning
34. Why should I use version control? 
helps multiple collaborators work on the same repo without danger of breaking something, writing over each other's work, etc. helps an individual keep track of their own changes, create alternate timelines (branches)
35. How often should I commit to github?
around 20 mins
36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push -u origin branch-name if first time, git push after that
37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    1. fork the repo 2. get clone via ssh link 3. navigate to directory where repo will go 4. git clone <repo-link> 5. cd into new repo 6. create branch with git checkout -b first-last 7. open with vscode with code . (optional) 8. do work 9. add/commit changes with git add . and git commit -m "message here" 10. push to remote repo with git push -u origin first-last (first time) or just git push (after first time) 11. on github, make pull request, making sure to set base repo to your own fork (not Lambda master) 12. take url for pull request and submit via canvas

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    the box containing an inline element stops at the end of the content, a block element will take up a full line, past the end of the content
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    block: p, h1-h6, div  inline: span, a
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 